README.md, before:

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16707738/92399059-5716eb00-f132-11ea-8b14-bcacdc8ec97b.png)

Introduce your projects by taking a screenshot or a gif. Try to tell visitors a story about your project by answering:

- Where can I see your demo?
- What was your experience?
- What have you learned/improved?
- Your wisdom?

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

#### Frontend
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For styles
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - For development server

#### Backend

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/O2iGT9yBd6xZBrOcVirx) was to build an application to complete the given user stories.

## How To Use

<!-- Example: -->

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/your-user-name/your-project-name

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Run the app
$ npm run dev
```

## Acknowledgements

<!-- This section should list any articles or add-ons/plugins that helps you to complete the project. This is optional but it will help you in the future. For example -->

- [Steps to replicate a design with only HTML and CSS](https://devchallenges-blogs.web.app/how-to-replicate-design/)
- [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)

## Contact

- Website [Robert Ramirez](https://robert-ramirez.netlify.app)
- GitHub [@Robertron624](https://github.com/Robertron624)
- Twitter [@robertdowny](https://www.twitter.com/robertdowny)

Commit message:

fix: image max height and page title

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16707738/92399059-5716eb00-f132-11ea-8b14-bcacdc8ec97b.png)

Introduce your projects by taking a screenshot or a gif. Try to tell visitors a story about your project by answering:

- Where can I see your demo?
- What was your experience?
- What have you learned/improved?
- Your wisdom?

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

#### Frontend
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For styles
- [React Dropzone](https://react-dropzone.js.org/) - For file upload
- [ImgBB](https://imgbb.com/) - For image hosting
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - For development server

#### Backend
This branch was developed using ImgBB's image hosting API. 
In another branch I will create a backend using Node.js and Express.js to handle the image upload and hosting.
The API key is stored in a .env file. The .env file is not included in this repository. If you would like to run this project locally, you will need to create a .env file in the root directory and add the following:

## Features

- Users can drag and drop an image to upload it
- Users can choose to select an image from my folder
- Users can see a loader when uploading
- When the image is uploaded, I can see the image and copy it
- Users can choose to copy to the clipboard


This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/O2iGT9yBd6xZBrOcVirx) was to build an application to complete the given user stories.

## How To Use

<!-- Example: -->

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository - this branch is a fully frontend application
$ git clone https://github.com/Robertron624/image-uploader-fullstack/tree/feat/frontend

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Run the app
$ npm run dev
```

## Acknowledgements

- [Steps to replicate a design with only HTML and CSS](https://devchallenges-blogs.web.app/how-to-replicate-design/)

- [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)

- [Build a drag-and-drop image uploader with react-dropzone](https://blog.logrocket.com/create-drag-and-drop-component-react-dropzone/) - I used this to help me with the file upload

- [How to create a custom toast component with React](https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-create-custom-toast-component-react/) - Instead of using a library for the toast (like react-toastify), I decided to create my own component to keep bundle size down.

## Contact

- Website [Robert Ramirez](https://robert-ramirez.netlify.app)
- GitHub [@Robertron624](https://github.com/Robertron624)
- Twitter [@robertdowny](https://www.twitter.com/robertdowny)
